Joe also logs into the DCEP website
to look at the null fields report from med-surg.
He notices that there are 10 items
that are missing information.
Are the items in DCEP valid?
Do the items need to be removed from the inventory system?
Do the items need to be updated in the inventory system?
In this example, Joe has checked all of the above
and has verified that the items are indeed valid.
He finds that on Friday, 10 new items were approved
by the CPRC and item master file IMF numbers were created.
As a result, the location to place the items was missing.
After some research, Joe has found where the items
will be placed in the primary and distribution areas.
He communicated this information to the clinical staff
of that area, and worked with them
to set appropriate levels, and created levels
in the primary storage area to reflect the correction.
He created space for storage, updated the locations
in VistA, and created new labels.
As a result of the report, Joe was able to update
the inventory management system.